I, who gave your dog the courage.
It was the same in Lu Shi’s karma meeting.
Misunderstanding misunderstanding. The main reason I came here this time is to ask you about the cooperation.
cooperate. I gave you Lu Shi's funds and watched you destroy Lu Shi.
You, Lingjiang, have taken care of most of it. We batch batch batch batch batch batch batch batch batch batch batch.
That's not what you're talking about.
Yes, Mr. Lu. It's not us who are causing trouble, it's him.
He ruined today's karma by yelling while his big ass didn't move.
You can't waste your money without paying anything. What do I care about?
I just eat everything.
Get out of here in a dark way
The industries under Lu Shi’s future
I also saw the way to go
You can't stop walking without seeing me